Okay I have an example of using Spring
Boot with Redis here and show you how to
wire everything up and if you need the
source code for this it is up on GitHub
at my repository springframeworkguru
and the path to the repository is
spring-boot-redis-example.
So you be able get the
complete source code for this project
I'm about to step you through and toggle
over to IntelliJ now and I am using the
latest release of Spring Boot at a time
of recording this which is 1.5.2, that's
a release version and to get Redis
support in there, we just need to include
the Spring Boot Starter for Redis and
you can see there on line 30 I've
included that Maven dependency for Redis
and let's take a quick look to, I want to
show you what's inside of that so if we
come over here to the Maven projects we
can see that the Spring Boot Starter
does bring in Spring Data for Redis and
then also the Redis Client so that gets
us all wired up and like everything else
in Spring Boot when we bring in that
dependency that will trigger Auto
configuration for us. So it's
automatically going to create up a
connection to a Redis server running on
localhost for us so I'm using now a
default connection properties so
toggling over to the Product class, what
we are going to do is create a Redis
hash called products and give it an ID
value of String which will get
automatically generated by Spring Data.
The Sring Data version for Redis and
let's take a look at the repository for
that and we're just using the CrudRepository and if you're not familiar with
Spring Data, what Spring Data is going to
do is provide an implementation of the
repository so this makes it very very
easy for us to work with Redis. We just
provided the interface for the CrudRepository and then wired into our
classes and that gets created at runtime
for us by Spring Data and we can
interact with the Redis database. Now let's take a look at the Product
Controller, we have a converter in the
ProductToProductForm, this is for the
data type conversion, this is used
to show it and bind the Product data to
the ProductForm, so I also have the
ProductForm class here so it looks a
lot like the domain class of Product but
this is really a backing object or
command object that some people would
call it, which we will bind to the
properties on the form and then convert
that into our service layer so go back
over to the controller. Take a quick
look at this you can see I don't have
a lot of mapping here, it is pretty simple
CRUD operations. I take the root and
redirect to product/list to show the
list products and then I have the
ability show by ID, to edit by ID create
a new product which will return back a
blank ProductForm you can see on the
edit there on line 56 that will actually
bring back the Product from the Redis
database via the service and then
convert it over to the ProductForm
object and display it on the page so
let's see, take a couple more things here
I do have a ProductService
implementation that is getting injected
into the ProductController. I'm going to
hit command and take a look at that so
pretty simple service I'm writing to an
interface which is considered a best
practice that allows us to wire in different
types into our controller when we're
doing testing and stuff like that and
let's go over here and we'll take a look
at the implementation, I only have one
implementation in this, we inject in that
ProductRepository again that's being
provided by Spring Data and you can see
not a lot of mystery going on here
we're using constructor base dependency
injection here  on line 23 through 26 and we
can see that we have a list and we're
going to findAll from the repository, a
little Java 8 is in there in case you're
not familiar Java 8 yet, so not too
much here to look at, I'm going to go
ahead and start up the application now
and we can see it starting up here
in the bottom, it's going to start up
pretty quick because there's really not
a lot in the Spring application you can
see that the mapping came up and come
over here into Chrome and add a test
there, we'll go back to the root and I do
have a product in there from my testing
so I can come in and create a new product
and I'm not doing any validations here
on any of the data fields. You can see
that this was created, come over here
go back to the list page you can see
that I do have two products in there I
can come in and edit this and let's
update the description, a bunch of
e's there and let's give it an image URL
of all fives and we can see that has
gone back and persisted so our changes
are getting persisted to the Redis
database for us, let's try and verify
the delete operation. You can see that
the delete runs right away so
like we expect since Redis is a memory
everything's going along pretty fast so
not a lot there for it's a pretty
standard application. I want to point out
I am using all the auto configuration
stuff out of Spring Boot. So I didn't
have to wire up any
connections for Redis. Of course if
you should need to do, that if you need
to override any properties you'd be
coming over here application.properties
and you can see IntelliJ has
intellisense there so we have a number
of properties that we can override for
Redis. These are showing a lot of the
defaults, they're going to get set up by
Spring Boot and if we were running on a
different server, different port, ID,
password we could specify all that and
our application.properties or of
course, run overwrite those at runtime by
specifying environment variables for
these.